solution (#29)
mate-academy/devops_todolist_kubernetes_task_12_helm_charts: README.md

11. Run command `kubectl get all,cm,secret,ing -A` and put the output in a file called `output.log` in a root of the repository
12. `README.md` should have instructuions on how to validate the changes
13. Create PR with your changes and attach it for validation on a platform.

>     ## To validate our solution open bootstraps.sh and after cluster spin up open link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## To validate our solution run bootstrap.sh and after cluster spin up open link
```
